## Notes for August 1, 2022

**Present:** Melissa MendonÃ§a (@melissawm), Inessa Pawson (@inessapawson), Eric Roberts, Meekail Zain (@micky774), Mars Lee (@marsbarlee), Ryan C. Cooper (@cooperrc)

**Follow-up from the last meeting:**
- [x] Melissa: Make an issue with a top level outline of user guide 
    - [x] [DOC: Reorganize user guide outline #22117](https://github.com/numpy/numpy/pull/22117)
- [x] Inessa: Make another issue about user journeys
- [ ] Melissa: Make a PR about plausible tracking on full docs
    - Waiting on release
- [ ] Melissa: Engage the mailing list for opinions** on #20645


* DOC: Add images illustrating how-to-io.rst: https://github.com/numpy/numpy/pull/17556 - a new contributor is welcome.
    * Related issue https://github.com/numpy/numpy/issues/17517
    * The diagram would be a valuable addition to the NumPy documentation. Reproduce it in `.md` using Mermaid (https://mermaid-js.github.io/mermaid/#/) as it would be more beneficial from the maintenance and reproducibility point of view.

* Discussion and comparison with [SciPy Contributor Quickstart](https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/dev/dev_quickstart.html)
    * Would something like this be helpful?
    * Meekail: Content is there. What would be useful is explaining why things are they are the way they are
        * Not need to recompile X
        * Make explicit workflows that more experienced NumPy users implicitly know
    * Meekail: Comparison to another project: When working to make scikit-learn [NEP 50 compatible,](https://numpy.org/neps/nep-0050-scalar-promotion.html) having multiple builds was very useful
        * Useful if knew that workflow explicitly, ahead of time

* Meekail has [running list of issues we want to submit as issues on GitHub but not ready yet](https://hackmd.io/@micky774/Hk2VZPSTc/edit)
    * Compiled from many NumPy docs meeting notes, so this easier to keep track in one document
    * "We talked about this before, but not acted on. Let's read up on the notes and continue the discussion from there"
    * Instead of starting discussion from scratch again
    * We have visilibity of past issues but not visibliity of discussion
    * This is not high prioity list to fill out. Not a complete list either.
        * If you know what changed, throw in this running list
    
    
* Switching NumPy to Meson build system
    * Meekail thinking of writing SIMD documentation, talked to Matti, SIMD also discussed in SciPy
    * Meekail can document feedback on SIMD, send to Ralf
    * While Meson not built for SIMD support, Meson developers are supportive of NumPy's input.
    * Melissa: SciPy build comparison: 20 minute build now takes 5 minutes
        * Unfortunately, it doesn't improve doc build but still better
  
* Where are the NumPy governance documents?
    * [Current governance docs](https://numpy.org/devdocs/dev/governance/index.html)
    * [Current NumPy team](https://numpy.org/teams/)
    * No clear contributor -> maintainer flow right now
    * Discussed before in the [NumPy CZI DEI grant meetings](https://chanzuckerberg.com/eoss/proposals/advancing-an-inclusive-culture-in-the-scientific-python-ecosystem/)
    * Inessa: Great question that's not asked enough, Meekail, let's ask again in the wider NumPy Community meeting
    * Comparison to other projects such as scikit-learn processes: More structured/bureaucratic but thus more clear flow
        * NumPy can take inspiration
        * How can we systemically talk about contributors? -> a [good possible Scientific Python Ecosystem Coordination (SPEC) topic](https://scientific-python.org/specs/)
        * SPEC: Macroscopic discussion board for cross-community projects
    * Inessa: For anyone: If you would like triage rights, just ask. We'll likely say yes. We need help triaging issues.
        * How can we more clearly signal in the right places we need this kind of help?
        * How can we clearly signal "Ask for triage rights"?**

* Streaming, recording discussions about NumPy
    * Brought up in previous NumPy Docs meetings
    * Meekail, Matti had a great and insightful discussion on SIMD... but regret not recording all this valuable information
    * Automatically offering Meekail and Matti discussion, should we extend systemitically to other people and topics

* How do we decide on NumPy Newcomer's Meeting topics?
    * Put out poll in NumPy #newcomers channel, get engagement?
    * Currently we are going down Inessa's idea list, but already running low, so polling for more topics would be greatly appreciated
        
* Discussion on community engagement methods
    * Preferred polling method?
    * Freeform suggestions has least enagagement: Newcomers don't know what they don't know
    * The simpler the better?
    * Make a call at the end of Newcomer's Meetings, ask audience to vote for the next topic?
    * Meekail's 3 topics he would love to talk about for Newcomers
        * SIMD
        * Array Objects and Array Methods
        * Multi-Array models (how NumPy handles assembled modules)
        
* [Do we have a place for community activity discussions?](https://github.com/numpy/archive)
    * Preserve and track the dicussions from this meeting about NumPy Newcomer topics, polling, Youtube content, Youtube transcriptions
    * Yes, currently in the [Archive repo](https://github.com/numpy/archive)
    * Github might be a better place than  NumPy Slack, more open than invite-only Slack
    * Github Discussions?
        * Ryan: Has good experience with Github Discussion in classroom
        * Some are concerned that this would turn into a user dicussion forum and more workload for devs
    * A community repo?
    * Melissa: Bring up in NumPy Community Call later this Wednesday about a having a consistent place for community activity discussion
     
