---
tags: documentation
---

# 2021-08-16 NumPy Documentation Team meeting

- Time: 4PM UTC
- Join via Zoom at: [link](https://zoom.us/j/96219574921?pwd=VTRNeGwwOUlrYVNYSENpVVBRRjlkZz09)

**Present:** Melissa Mendon√ßa, Yashasvi Misra, Ryan Cooper, Mukulika Pahari, Mars Lee, Anne Bonner

## Topics

- GSoD updates
    - [Ufuncs doc](https://github.com/numpy/numpy/pull/19516) merged
    - Move [NumPy internals](https://numpy.org/devdocs/reference/internals.html) to Under the hood docs ([issue](https://github.com/numpy/numpy/issues/19689))?
        - This would make the Fundamentals aimed towards users and the "Under the hood" section aimed towards developers, having more low-level discussions about memory management etc
    - [Indexing how-to discussion issue](https://github.com/numpy/numpy/issues/19586)
    - [Indexing PR](https://github.com/numpy/numpy/pull/19407)
    - Writing a Copies vs. Views document
        - How to check if NumPy will do a copy or not?
        - Should we use the `shares_memory` or `may_share_memory` flags?

- [How to find your way in the code?](https://github.com/numpy/numpy/issues/15567)
    - Mukulika and Yashasvi are thinking about this
- [Alt text sprint from last week](https://github.com/numpy/numpy-tutorials/issues/96)
    - [NumPy Docs](https://github.com/melissawm/numpy/pull/27) - On Melissa's fork for now
    - [NumPy Tutorials](https://github.com/numpy/numpy-tutorials) PRs: #97, #99, #100, #101
    - [SPEC Discussion](https://discuss.scientific-python.org/t/discussion-accessible-open-source-projects/63)

