---
tags: documentation
---

# 2021-12-06 NumPy Documentation Team meeting

- Time: 4PM UTC
- Join via Zoom at: [link](https://zoom.us/j/96219574921?pwd=VTRNeGwwOUlrYVNYSENpVVBRRjlkZz09)

**Present:** Melissa Mendon√ßa, Inessa Pawson, Vasiliy, Mukulika, Mars Lee, Rohit Goswami, Ross Barnowski, Matti Picus

## Topics

- [`true_divide` docstrings](https://github.com/numpy/numpy/pull/20246)
    - Still failing on CI, but decision done

- We have a lot of open docs PRs. If we have some that are straightforward, feel free to comment tagging a maintainer and we can get it merged

- Landing page with sphinx-panels is in the works; we should put a milestone and make sure it lands before the next release (late December)
    - Don't forget to put a backport candidate label on it

- Documentation on the testsuite (F2PY)
  - There are now guidelines enforced (separate Fortran and Tests), use classes, `util.py` stuff etc. 

- CircleCI job title
    - Can we change the order of actions to make it come first?
 
- The next pydata-sphinx-theme will have a versioning dropdown for docs. We should start thinking of maybe fixing our docs folder structure and make it simpler if the versioning allows it.

- We'll cancel the next two meetings and be back in January.
